
boneIndices is an array of vector4s. An individual vertex would access its index to this array, and get a specific vector4. Each vector4 holds the 4 bone indexes of the vertex.

STRUCTS:
Armature3D
- Filename
- Armature name
- Array of bones
- Array of inverse bind matrices
- Poses of the current animation (or maybe all poses it could take?) Poses are interpolated.

Bone
- Name
- Index (its place in the armature array)
- Its local transform
- Its global transform
- Its children
- Its parent

Pose3d
- An array of all bones, containing their global at a specific point (which is multiplied by the bind matrix by the shader to move a vertex). An individual animation may have multiple poses

To set it all up:
"Get armature" function
Get number of bones and set bone array length to that
Add all the bones there


House:
Figure out how to make the door push the character (Check if detected, and if so, use the actor's velocity as 1 pointed towards the object if velocity is 0?)
uv map that thing
Has positions for ammo/health pickup
Has position for powerup
Has position for door


One functioning enemy

Idea:
When enemy is spawned, gets given a point on the map where it walks around a certain radius. When the player is a certain distance from it,
the enemy will approach the player. If the player is too far, the enemy will make their current point the new epicenter for wandering around.




	Pickups



DONE:
Transfer some stuff from the player to Character3D

add screenshake on using gun:
- Hehe camera trauma implemented

One functioning gun UI
- UI object has a "drawUI" function
- "drawUI" checks if the player data is valid, and if so, runs the "drawPlayerUI" function
- "drawPlayerUI" draws the sprites associated with the current weapon as well as remaining ammo in the bottom left (shoot for basic grey circle, text, and 1 png of pistol)

DELIVERABLES:

UI Elements reflecting in game information
Functioning Entity System
Basic Collision Detection
Basic User Controls
A contained game world


10 weapons
5 enemy types
2 stages with a shop between them
5 powerups
	Infinite ammo
	No jerk
	Half cooldown
	Invincible
	Double speed
5 map interactable elements
    Interact button
    Doors that can be opened
    Ammo that can be found in abandoned houses?
    A melee QTE attack on enemies after a headshot
    The shop
